on today's show. So, I let Avery know
and I'm going to go to the timestamp if
you guys want to share this because they
called out with Mon's lies, exposed him
for being like his god, a deceiver, and
like his prophet, called out his bluff.
They called out his lies and you're
going to hear it from the horse's mouth.
Othman ran from debating Avery and I or
just me on the channel. You're going to
hear it from the horse's mouth with
facts and receipts. And uh something
that happened to us last week. So, I get
a call
on a Saturday. We're going to dinner. I
think we're going to Eddie V's or
something. We were going to dinner. And
I get a call from uh this guy named
Eddie, who's a nice guy. He's coming
here. I've been on a show before. He's a
Muslim guy. He runs a YouTube channel,
good-size YouTube channel. Nice guy.
Million plus subs. And
bring him over to the house. We sit
down.
>> The Dean show has now got a million
subs. He's been on for over 12 years.
He's the guy brings on these Muslims to
try to critique us uh Christianity and
they're terrible.
And I'm at Eddie's. He's a nice guy.
Real life. We'll talk about it in a
minute, but listen.
We have a conversation together and he
tells me about, you know, his beliefs
and he meets my uh
uh uh chef. We cook him a meal. We had a
good conversation. And then all of a
sudden
he says, "Hey, I saw Sam Shamoun on your
podcast." Mm, Eddie saw me on the
podcast. This is the Dean show. Cuz
Eddie and I met, I'll give you a little
story about Eddie. The Dean show. He's
Bosnian.
He used to have a jiu-jitsu school. If
you guys are from Chicago,
Lincoln Avenue and Western. There's a
McDonald's right there. So, if you're in
the north side of Chicago,
you have Lincoln Avenue that cuts into
Western right before you get to
Lawrence, Lincoln. So, as you go down
Lincoln right before the McDonald's on
Lincoln
by Western, there's a jiu-jitsu school
that used to be run by Eddie.
Well, Eddie went into full-time service
inviting people to Muslim. He raised up
so much money that he built
the Dean
center in Florida. He's got a whole
center built by donations in Florida,
which is the base of operations inviting
people to Islam.
We'll look at it. I'm here with a guy
named Othman. If I'm saying the name
correctly,
he would like to come on since you had
him on. He'd like to come on
and have a conversation. I said, "Okay.
So, let me call Sam." Wait, did you hear
it?
Let me call Sam.
So, you guys don't think I'm lying to
you and I'm getting arrogant and puffed
up. Oh, who do you think you are, Sam?
Patrick Bet David called you. Okay, did
you hear it?
Cuz I know you guys are haters, dude.
You're going to hate on me.
And they did. They called me. It was a
Saturday.
Hear that, haters?
Shamoun Sam says, "Absolutely." But he
says there's no way they're going to do
it. He's going to cancel if they find
out I'm coming.
What was that, Othman, about the lie
that
PBD said you can't attack Christianity?
Are you hearing it from Patrick Bet
David? I said, "Absolutely, but they
won't do it. They're going to run when
they find out it's me." Are you hearing
this with your own ears?
Your own ears? All right.
I got to do cardio after this, God help
me.
And then he says, "But why don't you
tell them if Eddie
and Othman are coming,
let me bring a guy named Avery."
Who said to bring Avery on?
Who said to bring Avery on? Now, I'm not
trying to boast,
but one way that I try to remain humble
and not be puffed up is to force myself
to acknowledge others and be a tool of
God to open doors for others.
So, I don't make it about me and become
an egomaniac.
You're You're understanding, right?
Why do I try to platform and give people
notoriety? That's a way to check my
flesh to keep myself humble so I don't
think I am God's gift to the church and
I'm the best and there's no one on my
level.
So, I do it
because if it's about the glory of Jesus
Christ and if I don't want to get puffed
up and I want to resist my flesh and not
Satan win, I got to
encourage others and promote others so
that the eye will not be on any one
individual. The eyes will be on Christ
as he provides, right?
Okay?
But now watch what happens. I don't know
who Avery is. Vinnie automatically says,
"I know Avery." He's a He's a beast.
>> Yeah. And Vinnie says, "I know See that?
Vincent says Avery's a beast.
And by the way,
have I lied to you about anything I've
said about David Wood or Apostate
Prophet Anthony Rogers?
Have you now seen I brought receipts to
prove everything I've said, right?
And they've even confirmed I was
speaking the truth, correct?
Even when they did that smear campaign
where it says Sam Shamoun will cry, I'm
crying from joy and laughter. You tried
to destroy my reputation. It backfired,
but I still love David and I want the
best for him.
I brought nothing but facts, right? And
they confirmed everything. And I'm going
to lie to you. I'm no saint. I've made
mistakes.
I was the one the Lord used to bring
David Wood onto Jesus or Muhammad.
That's a fact. He can't lie and deny it.
I was the one who told George Saygh,
"Ministry to Muslims, bring in Eddie Dal
Core, bring in Matt Slick, bring in
Anthony Rogers." Me.
God is hearing.
May the Lord purify my heart of all lies
and forgetfulness.
And from their own mouths, may they
confirm the truth.
I never needed any of them.
And they don't need me. They need Jesus.
But I'm the one that God used to open
doors. The same people that now pur-
now started clicks.
Go back and watch Jesus or Muhammad.
When did David Wood become famous? Jesus
or Muhammad show.
He built his reputation from Jesus or
Muhammad, then went on YouTube and did
short clips that made him go viral.
These are facts.
I try to be honest, not lie, but I'm not
sinless,
right? I have my issues. Okay, now
listen.
I Avery. And then this guy says this and
this is when I had to call Eddie. And
then by the way, they they're like then
I get on a call, it's me, you, him, and
Eddie. Notice.
Vincent's on the call.
PBD's on the call. Othman's on the call.
Eddie's on the call. Look what Othman
says when he he's told I'm going to come
up with Avery. Listen.
And when he found out it's Eddie and
Avery, he said, "Well, why don't we just
do it me and you and, you know, why
don't we just do it?" I said, "No, if
you're going to have a debate because it
started off with Sam. I already called
Sam." And then this guy
says this and this is when I had to call
Eddie. And then by the way, they they're
like then I get on a call, it's me, you,
him, and Eddie.
And when he found out it's Eddie and
Avery, he said, "Well, why don't we just
do it me and you and, you know, why
don't we just do it?" I said, "No, if
you're going to have a Hear it? Othman
said, "Why don't we just me me and you?"
Why, Othman? Why you scared? Why you
hiding like Aisha? Did you hear it?
He goes, "No, no, if you're going to
have a debate, bring in the big guns."
Now watch. Listen. debate because it
started off with Sam. I already called
Sam. Sam already agreed. I'm going to
fly him out.
>> Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Oh man, listen. What? Say what? Listen,
I got to stop it so you can hear. I got
to stop it.
Cuz I know Avery. And then this guy
says this and this is when I had to call
Eddie. And then by the way, they they're
like then I get on a call, it's me, you,
him, and Eddie. Listen. And when he
found out it's Eddie and Avery, he said,
"Well, why don't we just do it me and
you and, you know, why don't we just do
it?" I said, "No, if you're going to
have a debate because it started off
with Sam. I already called Sam. Sam
already agreed. I'm going to fly him
out.
Uh uh uh let's let's have the camera.
No, well, I have to fly out anyways.
Well, I said I if I would have changed
it, you would have came. But I Hear it?
Now, excuse. No, but I got to fly out
anyway. But wait, if I had changed it,
if I didn't bring Sam, you would have
stayed.
No, but I got to fly out anyway.
have to fly. Well, let's just do it
another time.
And then the next day, this video is
played and I call Eddie. Robert, if you
want to play this clip,
what a PBN D, whatever he is, right?
Yeah. Let's Let's call you out right
now, right? Somebody send this video to
him.
If you're honest,
then bring
Imran,
me,
anybody else, any Muslim guy,
and give us the same time, the same way,
by ourselves. By ourselves. Did you hear
it?
By ourselves.
You see the condition?
No, don't bring us and Sam and Avery or
Sam. Let us come to your show and talk
by ourselves. Are you hearing it from
this fat slob who staged a fake
stabbing, who took the wife of his
Muslim friend
as a second wife?
on your platform.
He wanted it.
I said Me and Eddie were supposed to go
on there against two, whoever he picked.
And he backed out. He backed out. Liar.
Liar of having me because originally he
was saying
Yeah.
I got Eddie.
But then yeah, then another brother went
on with Eddie, right? I said went on.
Two other brothers went on. Daniel and
Jake went on.
Right? But the re- originally they
didn't want me on because they said,
"You cannot attack them.
If they're going to attack you, you're
just going to answer, right? You can't
So I said to him, pause right there.
Wait. So so wait wait wait wait a
minute. Now watch how I was going to
catch catch his lie. He called Eddie.
Eddie said, "No, that didn't happen."
Listen.
Eddie now is confirming Uthman is a liar
like his prophet and his God. Listen.
Supposedly he said, "You can't attack
Christianity."
minute that I can't attack you can't
attack them they can attack you. That's
what he just said.
>> Yes. So I see this video and I call
Eddie.
And he's like, "You know, where are
you?" Well, I said, "Listen, FaceTime.
Who's with you?" Me and Vinnie. No
problem. I said, "I want to get your
take on this."
I said, "This interview that we did with
this guy."
I said,
he just Oh, no no, Patrick, but that was
a week ago. That's not a new interview.
That's I said, "Okay, great."
But I want you to listen to what he said
for you to know why we can never do
anything together cuz I don't do games.
Mhm. Listen. And then I played See how
angry he is?
Eddie admits he's wrong. Uthman lied.
for him.
When I played for Eddie, it's FaceTime.
You're sitting right next to me.
>> How long was this pause when I say, "Did
we ever say that he can't say Go back 10
seconds, Rob, if you don't mind." And by
the horrible editing, it's horrible
horrible
>> horrible editing. Okay, pause right
there, Rob. Pause right there.
to drown out the lies.
>> Exactly.
>> Another brother went on with Eddie,
right? Eddie didn't like you going to
other brothers' podcasts.
>> Yeah. Daniel and Jake went on.
Right? But the reason originally that
they didn't want me on is because they
said, "You cannot attack them.
If they're going to attack you, Did you
see that lie?
Who would be that stupid to set up that
perimeter?
you're just going to answer, right?
>> what you call a liar. That's a liar.
When I have Eddie, watch this. I said,
"Eddie,
is that true?" Listen.
And he said, "No." I said, "Eddie, is
that true?" 5 seconds he's looking.
>> waiting. He says, "No, that's not true."
"No, that's not true." Uthman, even
Eddie, are you going to say Eddie's a
liar and he's your Muslim
brother?
"No, that's not true." But watch how bad
it gets. Look at Vincent. I think
Vincent's Gillo, I think because he's
got the Gillo blood in him.
"No, that's not true."
Okay?
You cannot attack them.
If they're going to attack you, you're
just going to answer, right?
>> what you call a liar. That's a liar.
When I have Eddie, watch this. I said,
"Eddie,
is that true?"
And he said, "No." I said, "Eddie, is
that true?" 5 seconds he's looking.
>> Yeah, he's waiting. He says, "No, that's
not true." I said, "I will never have
this guy on here cuz I don't play those
games.
You're going to go out and question our
character that we said something like
that? You're a liar."
And I was willing to have him on to sit
down and talk to Sam and Avery. I don't
know why he's scared of Avery or even
Sam.
>> why?
>> know why I don't I don't I've never I've
never talked to Avery. He told me about
Avery. Oh, and I'll tell you right now
Why are they scared? Vincent, you got
Gillo blood in you, baby. I got Mini.
I'll tell you why.
>> No. Avery and Sam
>> Yeah. sitting here or sitting there
again with that guy and bring another
bring a third person, Mhm. everybody
will let you talk, you will be destroyed
and they're scared and they're scared,
Patrick. Look.